SKY-7597 experiment group by docs (#795)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: public/docs/md/charts/en/group-by.md

{{partial:admonition type='note'}}
If group-by pruning occurs with multiple formula terms combined with operators, formulas may take longer to load because Amplitude runs additional queries to make sure that all formula terms are querying the same groups.

> {{/partial:admonition}}

Author: Here are the feature flags https://app.amplitude.com/experiment/amplitude/318008/config/410052/configure https://app.amplitude.com/experiment/amplitude/187520/config/385224/configure. I have turned them on for you

> ## Group By in Experiment

Author: I am not sure if this article is the right place to put things. Everything in this doc is only for event seg chart but not for example funnel or retention. Should every chart have its own separate doc for group by? 

Also what should the organization of docs look like for features that are in experiment results and e2e experiment? Do we just write it in analytics and then in the appropriate e2e experiment doc just link to that article?

Everything in this doc so far is for analytics chart excluding experiment results. In Experiment end to end and experiment results, we limit the number of group by groups returned to 10. The rows are sorted by the sum of exposures across all the variants. Some rows may have "(none)" which means the property is missing. See this [doc](docs/faq/unexpected-values-in-user-counts) for more information. The group by is applied to the exposure event.

> On the statistics side of things, people may worry about [multiple hypothesis testing](docs/feature-experiment/advanced-techniques/multiple-hypothesis-testing) when using a group by. Amplitude experiment does not do any additional corrections for using a group by because we don't know how much slicing and dicing you are going to do before the analysis. Also, using group bys is more doing exploratory work and it will get very hard to reach stat sig if you have doing lots of hypothesis tests. If you are worried that you might have found a false positive, one way is to split your experiment into to date ranges, and do all the peeking and hypothesis testing you want on one dataset and then see if those results are reproducible on the second date range. You can think of this as similar to doing a [train-test split](https://machinelearningmastery.com/train-test-split-for-evaluating-machine-learning-algorithms/) when you are training a Machine Learning model where you do the hyperparameter tuning on the training set and then evaluate the model on the unseen test set so you get an unbiased error estimate.

Author: Am I allowed to link to https://machinelearningmastery.com/train-test-split-for-evaluating-machine-learning-algorithms/ or should I link to a more academic article

Reviewer: I think it's fine to link to that article. We don't have any guidelines around that.

Reviewer: Is experiment "end-to-end" a term we use externally in the product anywhere?

### Limitations

> If the value of the property you are grouping by on changes between the exposure event and the metric event. For example, if you are grouping by Country and you are looking at the row Country = Spain, the denominator is unique number of exposures in Spain and the numerator is people who did the metric event in Spain. So you can end up with conversion rates greater than 100% since someone can do a metric event in Spain but never do the exposure event in Spain. So they would get counted in the numerator but not the denominator. The opposite is also true where the numerator gets undercounted instead of overcounted. If you group by Platform and look at the Platform = Web row and the exposure event has platform = web and the metric event has platform != web, those metric events will not get counted in the numerator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the value of the property you group by changes between the exposure event and the metric event, you may see a conversion rate higher than 100%. For example, if you group by `Country` and see the row `Country = Spain`, the denominator is unique number of exposures in Spain and the numerator is people who did the metric event in Spain. 

As a result, you may see conversion rates greater than 100% since someone can do a metric event in Spain but never do the exposure event in Spain. They would count toward numerator but not the denominator. 

The opposite is also true where the numerator gets undercounted instead of overcounted. If you group by `Platform` and look at the `Platform = Web` row and the exposure event has `platform = web` and the metric event has `platform != web`, those metric events aren't counted in the numerator.
```
